# What is TNaming?

TNaming is an opencascade (henceforth referred to as occ) 'Package'. It provides a set of
tools for implementing a Topological Naming structure using the TDF_Data class. What is
TDF_Data? It is the class used in the TDF 'Package' for storing and manipulating a Data
Framework (not sure what the T stands for). The occ Documentation does a good job
explaining the Data Framework and how it works, but here's a few highlights.

## occ Data Framework
Note: Please refer to the occ Documentation for a more detailed explanation.
[Here](http://www.opencascade.com/doc/occt-7.0.0/overview/html/occt_user_guides__ocaf.html#occt_ocaf_3)
is a direct link. It is under the 'OCAF' section of the Documentation, but fear not
because the Data Framework can be used outside the context of the OCAF thing.

So, the way that occ's TDF package manages Data in it's Data Framework is by creating
nodes in a tree, all stored in an instance of TDF_Data. Each node has a unique Tag used
for identifying it in the Data Framework. Each of these Tag's points to a discrete
TDF_Label in the Data Framework. The TDF_Label, in turn, contains zero or more
TDF_Attribute's, which themselves contain actual data that you may be interested in.

Why the distinction between Tag and TDF_Label and TDF_Attribute? Well, I can't speak to
the original intent of the occ devs, but it makes sense to me that you'd want a different
Tag and TDF_Label. Since the TDF_Label can, itself, contain many TDF_Attribute's that can
themselves contain a lot of data, it could be quite expensive to store an instance of each
TDF_Label that you create and care about. In fact, it would be wasteful because your
TDF_Data instance is already going to have a copy of each TDF_Label, so you'd be doubling
your memory footprint for no reason. Instead, store a value of the Tag itself, which is
nothing more than an integer, and then use TDF_Tool::TagList (I think! I haven't tested
this yet) to retrieve the TDF_Label.

So what is an TDF_Attribute? Like I said earlier, it is the actual 'meat' of the  occ Data
Framework. The Tag is just an Address to a TDF_Label, which is just a construct that holds
attributes. The TDF_Attribute is a class that contains whatever information it is that you
care about. TNaming_NamedShape is a TDF_Attribute that is described in the TNaming
Package.
